Filter field value template filter refresh (#2020)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/filter/fields/templates.md

The `ValueTemplate` allows you to customize the default value editor of a single Filter Field. You can replace the default editor component or change the component settings.

The `context` of the`ValueTemplate` is of type [`FilterFieldValueTemplateContext`](/blazor-ui/api/telerik.blazor.components.filterfieldvaluetemplatecontext). You can get and set its `FilterDescriptor` property, which is of type [`FilterDescriptor`](/blazor-ui/api/telerik.datasource.filterdescriptor).

> When the `FilterDescriptor`'s Value is not of type `string`, the type has to be nullable, as any newly created filter's value can be null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `FilterDescriptor` `Value` property is of type `object` and is `null` by default. As a result, the `Value` of the component inside the `ValueTemplate` must be `nullable` for all types, except `string`.
```
